#summary The terminology used in our game

= Introduction =

This page lists the unique and basic vocabulary used in reference in this game.

As the development process continues, this section is sure to evolve.


= Vocabulary =


  * Elf

The dominant species of the world and the only playable character.  There are currently four different races of elves in the game.

  * Elements

All creatures in the world belong to one or more of eight basic elements.  These are:
  # fire
  # water
  # plant
  # wind
  # ice
  # earth
  # electricity
  # poison

  * Monsters

AKA- creatures.  These are caught and trained by elves to fight for battle, glory and treasure.  There are many types of monsters, and they are all bound to elements.  Monsters typically fight on the field as independent entities, except in certain cases, see SYMBIOTE.

  * Star point

Each elf or master has a set amount of star points.  An elf can control any type and number of creatures that he or she wishes, as long as the creature team's star value is equal or less than the elf's star points.

  * Star value

This value is based on the difficulty a master or elf has in controlling a creature.  This value is assigned to monsters only, and is an indicator of its strength and usefulness in battle.

  * Symbiote

A specific type of creature that when used by a master, attaches itself to the master rather than fight in combat directly.  These creatures do not need to be attached to a host to survive, the term symbiote is used for convenience.  These creatures are typically found hiding because when alone they are very vulnerable and very weak.